Add mock server for tests (#138)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-googleapis.calendar: README.md

        summary: "Work Schedule"
    });

    // quick add new event
    string eventTitle = "Sample Event";
    calendar:Event event = check calendarClient->/calendars/[calendarId]/events/quickAdd.post(eventTitle);
}
```

## Examples

The `calendar` connector provides practical examples illustrating usage in various scenarios. Explore these [examples](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-googleapis.calendar/tree/main/examples), covering use cases like creating calendar, scheduling meeting events, and adding reminders.

1. [Project Management With Calendar API](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-googleapis.calendar/tree/main/examples/project-management-with-calendar/main.bal)
    This example shows how to use Google calendar APIs to efficiently manage work schedule of a person. It interacts with the API for various tasks related to scheduling and organizing work-related events and meetings.
2. [Work Schedule Management With Calendar API](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-googleapis.calendar/tree/main/examples/work-schedule-management-with-calendar/main.bal)

>     This example shows how to use Google calendar APIs to managing personal project schedule and collaborating with team members.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This example shows how to use Google calendar APIs to manage personal project schedule and collaborate with team members.
```
